Add breaking change doc for --output when used with solutions (#34124)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/dotnet-publish.md

  <DefaultItemExcludes>$(DefaultItemExcludes);publishoutput**</DefaultItemExcludes>
  ```

  - .NET 7.0.200 SDK and later

>     If you specify the `--output` option the CLI will emit an error due to the unclear semantics of the output path (as described below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you specify the `--output` option when running this command on a solution, the CLI will emit an error due to the unclear semantics of the output path. The `--output` option is disallowed because all outputs of all built projects would be copied into the specified directory, which isn't compatible with multi-targeted projects, as well as projects that have different versions of direct and transitive dependencies.
```
